README.md, before:

##Confluence Skin For XBMC

This is the Default skin for XBMC, with some Texture fixes and color matching.
This fixes pixelated images, precision issues (half pixels), color matching (using Confluence Blue #0084ff, elements alignments/centering and sizing.
This usually happens when new graphics are needed and they are added done using raster resources which are often resized and various people add new graphics with no access to psd sources.

###Texture_Packer

This has all the Texture Packer and all required +updated dll's

###PSD_Sources

Includes PSD Sources with vectors for all improvements and fixes to confluence skin.
See https://github.com/xbmc/xbmc/pull/2517

These PSD sources including image changes are GPLv2 licence compatible with XBMC licence and if you use them in your project or derivative works please let me know.
Derivative work or source usage [click here to make a notification or submit a comment, give some feedback, etc.](https://github.com/uNiversaI/skin.confluence/issues "Title")

If you modify/improve/add-to/change these PSD it would be nice if you submit a PR (pull request) back.

Enjoy.

```
   ___   ___  __         ____  
  / _ \ / _ \/ /  __   _|___ \ 
 / /_\// /_)/ /   \ \ / / __) |
/ /_\\/ ___/ /___  \ V / / __/ 
\____/\/   \____/   \_/ |_____|

```

Commit message:

Remove psd sources and texture packer folders
They will live in own branch for now on.

README.md, after:

##Confluence Skin For XBMC

This is the Default skin for XBMC, with some Texture fixes and color matching.
This fixes pixelated images, precision issues (half pixels), color matching (using Confluence Blue #0084ff, elements alignments/centering and sizing.
This usually happens when new graphics are needed and they are added done using raster resources which are often resized and various people add new graphics with no access to psd sources.

###Texture_Packer

This has all the Texture Packer and all required +updated dll's

###PSD_Sources-Revamp

Includes PSD Sources with vectors for all improvements and fixes to confluence skin.
See https://github.com/xbmc/xbmc/pull/2517

These PSD sources including image changes are GPLv2 licence compatible with XBMC licence and if you use them in your project or derivative works please let me know.
Derivative work or source usage [click here to make a notification or submit a comment, give some feedback, etc.](https://github.com/uNiversaI/skin.confluence/issues "Title")

If you modify/improve/add-to/change these PSD it would be nice if you submit a PR (pull request) back.

Enjoy.

###Downloading sources and texture packer

See https://github.com/uNiversaI/confluence-psds or https://github.com/da-anda/confluence-psds

```
   ___   ___  __         ____  
  / _ \ / _ \/ /  __   _|___ \ 
 / /_\// /_)/ /   \ \ / / __) |
/ /_\\/ ___/ /___  \ V / / __/ 
\____/\/   \____/   \_/ |_____|

```
